Review and update pattern subsumption and exhaustion (#1691)
dotnet/csharpstandard: standard/patterns.md

## 11.3 Pattern subsumption

In a switch statement ([§13.8.3](statements.md#1383-the-switch-statement)), it is an error if a case’s pattern is *subsumed* by the preceding set of *unguarded* ([§13.8.3](statements.md#1383-the-switch-statement)) cases. In a switch expression ([§12.11](expressions.md#1211-switch-expression)), it is an error if a *switch_expression_arm*’s pattern is *subsumed* by the preceding set of *unguarded* *switch_expression_arm*s’ patterns.

> > *Note*: This means that any input value would have been matched by one of the previous cases or arms. *end note*

Reviewer: With the detail removed this line should no longer be a note. Line 450 introduces the use of set, so maybe something along the lines of:

```suggestion
A pattern `P` is *subsumed* by set of unguarded patterns `Q` if any input value matched by `P` is matched by one of the members of `Q`.
```

This maybe should become before 450 – i.e. short definition of subsumed followed by the error cases?

Can a pattern only be subsumed if it is itself unguarded? I.e. should it be “An unguarded pattern `P` is…”?

Author: A pattern can be subsumed only by an unguarded pattern. However, a guarded pattern could be subsumed by an earlier unguarded pattern.

## 11.3 Pattern subsumption

In a switch statement ([§13.8.3](statements.md#1383-the-switch-statement)), it is an error if a case’s pattern is *subsumed* by the preceding set of *unguarded* ([§13.8.3](statements.md#1383-the-switch-statement)) cases. In a switch expression ([§12.11](expressions.md#1211-switch-expression)), it is an error if a *switch_expression_arm*’s pattern is *subsumed* by the preceding set of *unguarded* *switch_expression_arm*s’ patterns.

> *Note*: This means that any input value would have been matched by one of the previous cases or arms. *end note*

## 11.4 Pattern exhaustiveness

> A set of patterns is exhaustive if, for every possible input value, some pattern in the set is applicable. When an implementation detects that a set of patterns is not exhaustive, it shall issue a warning.

Reviewer 2: This is now an incredibly short section, and we're not planning on adding more detail. 11.3 is really short now too.

Is there a reasonable way of combining them, or do we want to avoid confusing the two terms?

Author: Proposal for discussion at the meeting:

1. Accept Nigel's suggestion above.
2. Move that definition to above line 450.
3. For this comment, move all of both the subsumption and exhaustiveness sections into the general section (which probably mucks up some references, so I'll do that locally before we merge.
